ANTHRO CORPS

ORIGINS

"We must work to preserve humanity."

The Anthro Corps, originally formed by American and Canadian dissidents, was established in the wake of the social collapse of the 21st century. Decentralized in scope, it advocated for communities to abandon their governments and to manage their own affairs as they saw fit, in coordination with Anthro Corps representatives who handled logistics and disputes.

Initially posturing itself as the only organization left that still cared about humanity over profits, the Anthro Corps transcended its early roots and absorbed more and more of the functions previously relegated to government, transforming from an intermediary organization into a more hierarchical one. Its popularity ensured that people embraced the Anthro Corps philosophy instead, and supported it with devoted loyalty.

NOW

"If humanity must be preserved, then only force is adequate to the purpose."

As global warming and widespread panic ravaged the Earth, the Anthro Corps responded to perceived threats against freedom and environmental stability with military force, ultimately employing increasingly ruthless tactics to save what was left of humanity. Ultimately, they deemed that the most extreme measures were necessary: the Anthro Corps completed its transformation into a multiglobal, totalitarian organization, owning Earth, Mars, a number of space stations, and the sum total of the human race.

RESOURCES AND LIFE

"Food, water, housing, and love - these are human rights."

Every human is bound under the Anthro Corps' universal contract to perform the labor dictated by the corporation in exchange for food, water, and housing. Children undergo apprenticeship to an elder worker as the sum total of their education, and then are assigned to a posting and a partner. All excess resources remain owned by the Anthro Corps.

The Anthro Corps respects gender, sexual orientation, and relationship preference when it assigns groupings, and its algorithms generally result in practical matches which make their participants very happy. In the case of relationships between those with reproductive capabilities, babies are taken at birth and raised in an AnthroCorp creche, which are scientifically perfected to help children maximize their potential value to the Anthro Corps.

RELIGION AND POLITICS

"Humanity has abolished God, and with Him, the unending tyranny of the mind."

The Anthro Corps views religion as subordinate to organizational ideology, which emphasizes the subordination of humans to the greater cause of humanity. Respect for authority and for scientific knowledge is paramount in the Anthro Corps worldview, and the whole of the universe and its resources are explicitly recognized to be owned by Anthro Corps.

The ideology of the Anthro Corps itself assumes secular humanism as a baseline, recognizing value in all human lives. Nevertheless, it also establishes a strict, merit-based hierarchy, where the most qualified humans - as measured by various metrics - are placed in positions of authority.

Although all humans are recognized as having the right to exist, those who are of greater value to the Anthro Corps are rewarded commeasurately. Scientific research is highly valued, but also highly classified. Its pursuit is unfettered, and testing upon less qualified members of the Anthro Corps is common, and justified under universal contract.

The universal contract, itself, is the major concept upon which the Anthro Corps' totalitarian ownership is predicated. In being born, and in using the Anthro Corps' resources, a given human consents to their total ownership by the Anthro Corps, and thus to all Anthro Corps orders and ideology. In exchange, the Anthro Corps guarantee food, water, housing, love, and friendship to all humanity, although speech and art are restricted to Corps-acceptable avenues.

Any attempt to subvert the authority of the Anthro Corps is conflated with an anti-humanistic stance, considered a breach of universal contract, and invariably demonized. This makes religion, as well as less authoritarian political ideologies, problematic stances to hold and publicly express.

In spite of this, religious belief and political differences have endured, growing up from the cracks, defying the near-total surveillance under which all of humanity labors. It is not uncommon to witness humans publicly executed for the crime of opposition - the Anthro Corps universal contract contains a non-competition clause that applies to ideas as well as counter-economics.

CENSORSHIP

"The universe is full of precious resources, but none more precious than the knowledge of what is precious."

Censorship is pervasive within the Anthro Corps. Although the sum total of human knowledge remains existent, its full scope is limited to the upper leadership of the Corps, with knowledge assigned to workers on a need-to-know basis. Few texts exist outside of manuals and operating procedure; most fiction is children's stories, due to the fact that most preexisting literature is unacceptably subversive.

In the wake of this, a robust folk tradition has arisen, with stories, knowledge, and songs passed on largely by word of mouth.

PUNISHMENT

"There is the Anthro Corps, or there is destruction. There is no alternative."

The Anthro Corps is unforgiving and harsh in cases where people stand in violation of their contracts. A constant stream of criminals fuels the work camps, where prisoners perform whatever hard physical labor has not yet been automated. In more extreme cases, exile and execution are the methods of choice.